index.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: Whiskers of Hope
---

## Adopt our cat of the month: Buffy!

![Buffy](/images/buffy.jpg)

Buffy considers herself the queen of her own universe, and she likes to make her own rules. But Buffy is a rascal with irresistible charm and a bungee cord that keeps her coming back for more affection. Her world is anchored on her human's affection.

Buffy is a well-behaved, quiet cat. She does not like other cats, so she should be an only cat. But if you are looking for a feline companion that will own you with all her heart, then Buffy is the cat for you!

## Update on Yoshi

Many of you donated to Yoshi's vet bills -- thank you!!! We are happy to report that Yoshi has recovered to the point where he is now an adoptable cat, although he is somewhat shy around people. We are working with him to bring him out of his shell. Please contact us if you are interested in Yoshi.

## About

Whiskers of Hope, Inc. is a non-profit no-kill adoption organization for cats and kittens. We are an all-volunteer 501(c)3 not-for-profit charitable corporation. We operate a no-kill "virtual shelter" with all our cats in the care of foster homes.

Whiskers of Hope needs your help and is always looking for volunteers that would like to foster homeless cats. Fostering can be a very rewarding experience! For more information contact our Adoption Coodinator at: 781.648.4095, or e-mail whiskers@whiskersofhope.org.

We rely on the support of caring individuals to feed and get medical care of our cats. All donations are greatly appreciated and are tax deductible. Donations can be sent to our PO Box.

Check out an introduction to Whiskers of Hope recorded by a local Girl Scout troop:

<iframe id="GirlScouts" width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/rEs8Cgfw77I" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>

## Please Donate

Click the below button to donate. Your donation assists us with feeding and caring for foster cats and kittens as we wait to find them homes.

<!---
Below 'form' code copied from paypal for donate button
-->
<form action="https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr" method="post" target="_top">
<input type="hidden" name="cmd" value="_s-xclick">
<input type="hidden" name="hosted_button_id" value="QNWQE4PRSZZUL">
<input type="image" src="https://www.paypalobjects.com/en_US/i/btn/btn_donateCC_LG.gif" border="0" name="submit" alt="PayPal - The safer, easier way to pay online!">
<img alt="" border="0" src="https://www.paypalobjects.com/en_US/i/scr/pixel.gif" width="1" height="1">
</form>


## Upcoming Events

<iframe id="UpcomingEvents" style="border-width:0" width="640" height="480" frameborder="0" scrolling="no" src="https://www.google.com/calendar/embed?src=whiskersofhope.org_efphc8b7vtbl7duddn89fc9tq0%40group.calendar.google.com&amp;showTitle=0&amp;showPrint=0&amp;showTabs=0&amp;showCalendars=0&amp;showTz=0&amp;height=480&amp;wkst=1&amp;bgcolor=%23FFFFFF&amp;ctz=America%2FNew_York"></iframe>

## Adopt a Cat or Kitten

All cats and kittens for adoption have been examined by a veterinarian, spayed or neutered, vaccinated against rabies and distemper (FVRCP), dewormed, treated to prevent fleas and mites, and tested for feline leukemia and feline immunodeficiency virus (FeLK/FIV).

Our adoption fees depend on the age of the cat, and we also offer a discount if you adopt two cats at once:

* Kittens (up to 6 months) $150, 2 for $250
* Cats (6 months- 6 years) $125, 2 for $200
* Older cats (6+ years) $100

## The Adoption Process

Adopting a cat will enrich your life, but it's a lifelong commitment that deserves careful consideration. We require a completed to start the adoption process. Adoption applications can be submitted on paper in person, or online. We will require a couple of days to process your application and confirm your references.

When your application is approved you will meet with the Whiskers of Hope, Inc. adoption coordinator and visit with the cat or kitten a couple of times until you both feel comfortable together. In some cases a home visit may also be required.

Please note that kittens (under 9 months of age) are only adopted in pairs unless you already have a cat or dog at home for company.

## Resources for Pet Owners

[MSPCA Pet Owner Resources](http://www.mspca.org/site/PageServer?pagename=petowners_pagewrapperlanding&petownershomelink) - Articles on living with pets, cat behavior, introducing cats to a new home, spay/neuter finaicial assistance, counseling, etc.

[PetFinder Learning Center](http://www.petfinder.com/learn.html) - Articles and videos on pet behavior, nutrition, training, health, exercise, breeds, etc.

[About.com Cats](http://cats.about.com/) - Articles, videos, blogs, etc. covering cat care, behavior, safety, products, veterinary care, etc.

[Catnip](http://www.tuftscatnip.com/) - Newsletter from Cummings School of Veterinary Medicine. Includes links to current articles, article archives, and book store.

[The Daily Cat from Fox TV 25 Boston](http://cats.myfoxboston.com/home.html) - Articles, videos, quizzes, etc. on cat health, nutrition, behavior, and happiness.

## Feline Immunodeficiency Virus (FIV)- What is it?

* FIV causes decreased immune function and increased susceptibility to infections and diseases in cats
* Humans are NOT at risk for FIV infection
* Transmitted mainly through bite wounds, not through normal social activities such as grooming
* Non-FIV infected cats in the same household are at low risk for infection but it is recommended that FIV+ cats do not join household with FIV- cats or are kept separate
* FIV+ cats should be spayed/neutered and kept indoors to prevent infection to other cats
* There is no cure for FIV, but infected cats may live many years symptom-free
* Regular vet check-ups, a nutritionally balanced diet, and a close watch for symptoms of illness with prompt treatment help to increase the FIV+ cat’s quality and longevity of life

Commit message:

Roxanne, New Cat of the Month

index.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: Whiskers of Hope
---

## Adopt our cat of the month: Roxanne!

![Roxanne](/images/roxanne.jpg)

Roxanne is a little waif with moxie. She looks delicate and quiet -- until she explodes into play! Her squeaky voice cries for attention, but she does so insistently if ignored. 

Roxanne is exceptionally sweet with people and a great lap cat. She utilizes her toys and her scratch pad to their full potential. She loves to play with her family.

Roxanne had been adopted, but unfortunatley needed to be returned due to allergies. Please consider giving this sweet lady another shot at finding a forever home!

## Update on Yoshi

Many of you donated to Yoshi's vet bills -- thank you!!! We are happy to report that Yoshi has recovered to the point where he is now an adoptable cat, although he is somewhat shy around people. We are working with him to bring him out of his shell. Please contact us if you are interested in Yoshi.

## About

Whiskers of Hope, Inc. is a non-profit no-kill adoption organization for cats and kittens. We are an all-volunteer 501(c)3 not-for-profit charitable corporation. We operate a no-kill "virtual shelter" with all our cats in the care of foster homes.

Whiskers of Hope needs your help and is always looking for volunteers that would like to foster homeless cats. Fostering can be a very rewarding experience! For more information contact our Adoption Coodinator at: 781.648.4095, or e-mail whiskers@whiskersofhope.org.

We rely on the support of caring individuals to feed and get medical care of our cats. All donations are greatly appreciated and are tax deductible. Donations can be sent to our PO Box.

Check out an introduction to Whiskers of Hope recorded by a local Girl Scout troop:

<iframe id="GirlScouts" width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/rEs8Cgfw77I" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>

## Please Donate

Click the below button to donate. Your donation assists us with feeding and caring for foster cats and kittens as we wait to find them homes.

<!---
Below 'form' code copied from paypal for donate button
-->
<form action="https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr" method="post" target="_top">
<input type="hidden" name="cmd" value="_s-xclick">
<input type="hidden" name="hosted_button_id" value="QNWQE4PRSZZUL">
<input type="image" src="https://www.paypalobjects.com/en_US/i/btn/btn_donateCC_LG.gif" border="0" name="submit" alt="PayPal - The safer, easier way to pay online!">
<img alt="" border="0" src="https://www.paypalobjects.com/en_US/i/scr/pixel.gif" width="1" height="1">
</form>


## Upcoming Events

<iframe id="UpcomingEvents" style="border-width:0" width="640" height="480" frameborder="0" scrolling="no" src="https://www.google.com/calendar/embed?src=whiskersofhope.org_efphc8b7vtbl7duddn89fc9tq0%40group.calendar.google.com&amp;showTitle=0&amp;showPrint=0&amp;showTabs=0&amp;showCalendars=0&amp;showTz=0&amp;height=480&amp;wkst=1&amp;bgcolor=%23FFFFFF&amp;ctz=America%2FNew_York"></iframe>

## Adopt a Cat or Kitten

All cats and kittens for adoption have been examined by a veterinarian, spayed or neutered, vaccinated against rabies and distemper (FVRCP), dewormed, treated to prevent fleas and mites, and tested for feline leukemia and feline immunodeficiency virus (FeLK/FIV).

Our adoption fees depend on the age of the cat, and we also offer a discount if you adopt two cats at once:

* Kittens (up to 6 months) $150, 2 for $250
* Cats (6 months- 6 years) $125, 2 for $200
* Older cats (6+ years) $100

## The Adoption Process

Adopting a cat will enrich your life, but it's a lifelong commitment that deserves careful consideration. We require a completed to start the adoption process. Adoption applications can be submitted on paper in person, or online. We will require a couple of days to process your application and confirm your references.

When your application is approved you will meet with the Whiskers of Hope, Inc. adoption coordinator and visit with the cat or kitten a couple of times until you both feel comfortable together. In some cases a home visit may also be required.

Please note that kittens (under 9 months of age) are only adopted in pairs unless you already have a cat or dog at home for company.

## Resources for Pet Owners

[MSPCA Pet Owner Resources](http://www.mspca.org/site/PageServer?pagename=petowners_pagewrapperlanding&petownershomelink) - Articles on living with pets, cat behavior, introducing cats to a new home, spay/neuter finaicial assistance, counseling, etc.

[PetFinder Learning Center](http://www.petfinder.com/learn.html) - Articles and videos on pet behavior, nutrition, training, health, exercise, breeds, etc.

[About.com Cats](http://cats.about.com/) - Articles, videos, blogs, etc. covering cat care, behavior, safety, products, veterinary care, etc.

[Catnip](http://www.tuftscatnip.com/) - Newsletter from Cummings School of Veterinary Medicine. Includes links to current articles, article archives, and book store.

[The Daily Cat from Fox TV 25 Boston](http://cats.myfoxboston.com/home.html) - Articles, videos, quizzes, etc. on cat health, nutrition, behavior, and happiness.

## Feline Immunodeficiency Virus (FIV)- What is it?

* FIV causes decreased immune function and increased susceptibility to infections and diseases in cats
* Humans are NOT at risk for FIV infection
* Transmitted mainly through bite wounds, not through normal social activities such as grooming
* Non-FIV infected cats in the same household are at low risk for infection but it is recommended that FIV+ cats do not join household with FIV- cats or are kept separate
* FIV+ cats should be spayed/neutered and kept indoors to prevent infection to other cats
* There is no cure for FIV, but infected cats may live many years symptom-free
* Regular vet check-ups, a nutritionally balanced diet, and a close watch for symptoms of illness with prompt treatment help to increase the FIV+ cat’s quality and longevity of life
